I am Zhao Zilong
The Supreme Emperor of the Dragon Kingdom allows you to marry me
But I ruined the marriage
What are you doing?
divorce
Compared with Lord Zhao, the new god of war in our Dragon Kingdom
Your dog is worse than
Marry you
It's a great shame for our Lord Zhao
Return, return, even if you don't come, I won't get married
Lu Ming, I know it's hard for you to accept
But you also saw
I am the youngest warlord of the Dragon Kingdom
Centennial celebration in one
And you deserve to be in the asylum.
We are not from the same world at all
It's really not from the same world.
But Mr. Zhao, you think too much
Li Chutang and I have been engaged for a long time
You don't have a chance.
Bold to speak wildly to Lord Zhao
Why bother with such a person?
Lu Ming, it seems that you are really sick.
The speech is getting more and more outrageous
I look up to you
As long as you are happy
Ignore you tomorrow night
In this dark asylum
Get lost and wait to die
Forget it, I, Zhao Zilong, am not a ruthless person
A month later, the Battle of the Gods
I will represent Rongguo
Competing for the ownership of the last path to longevity
At that time, I will be directly designated a five-star warrior
If you want to kneel down and apologize
You can find me there.
Big chest and no brain
The warriors under the Iron Dragon King report